Small building, no wonder I
I can't let you become a stumbling block for Ruoxi and the emperor
Grandma, don't hurt me, I dare not
I don't dare anymore.
See if you still dare to do something wrong
You repeat to me what I said
I told my mother to listen to Uncle Huang
I'll do whatever he tells me to do.
So you can eat and wear
That's not bad.
And dad
Is a waste
I have today's punishment because of my father
Go to the corner and tell me a hundred times
aunt
How could you do this to Mengmeng?
Come on, Mengmeng and uncle go upstairs, no, I don't want to go
Did you forget what I said just now?
Don't roll up for me
Get the hell up there
Mengmeng, uncle will take you to a banquet tonight
You have to dress nicely, do you hear?
What am I wearing?
Uncle, I don't like to wear
Pardon me?
I'm not going either
I'm not coming out either
Don't go out go out
go out
that
I've saved up a little private money over the years
I want to hand it over to Mengmeng
When his living expenses
Oh, I didn't expect it.
He will also hide private money
You stinky security guard
It's only this money if you don't eat or drink
Who's your mom?
Put the money down.
Roll me as far as possible
If you dare to appear that stinky girl Mengmeng again
I can't promise what a good day it will be
I go
But today I will say it here
I will kneel and give Mengmeng to you.
If you dare to bully him in the future
I will definitely take him away standing up
Don't talk nonsense with me
Get out of here
Dad save me mom save me
Let you run let you run